Spencer Dent

The user may now choose to have the first player chosen at random. By adding a private instance variable, stored in the Game object, I am able to track the Player initially selected. I created a button attached to a helper method to randomly select the chosen player. In order to update the radio buttons accordingly, I chose to retroactively check the `Game` object, using `instanceof` syntax to view which Player had been selected. At first, I wanted to bind the radio buttons to the Players' `isMyTurn` instance variables (so I would not have to make retroactive checks, and the View would update on its own), but this proved to cause more issues than it solved (at least the way I was going to do it with `SimpleBooleanProperty` objects) -- requiring a rework throughout the program.

The user now has the ability to start a new game after a game has ended (and during one through the menu). I included a button that only appears when a player has won the game, and I added a `MenuItem` -- with a mnemonic & accelerator (Alt+G+N and Ctrl+N respectively) -- in the "Game" Menu. It starts a new game as long as a player has been chosen (the item is disabled if a player has not been chosen yet). I added a `SimpleBooleanProperty` flag in the Game object to track when a player has won the game, and I bound the "New Game" Button's visibility to that Observable flag. Using Observable objects in this manner hides the view from the model, allowing the view to be changed later without needing to change the model. During this process, I also chose to overhaul the implementation of the `Menu`s & `MenuItem`s.

The game now keeps track of every single roll made by each player. I interpreted it to mean every roll made by each player in a given game. Displaying the results as `ListViews`, I stored the roll values in an `ObservableArrayList` in the Players objects. In order to reduce duplication, I modified the `AbstractPlayer` & `Player` interface. Also, to reduce duplication, I moved much of the Players' Panes' functionality into `AbstractPlayerPane`. In order to guarantee that the most recent rolls are visible, I pushed the new values onto the front of the `ArrayList` (a bit cycle intensive on large numbers, but a better option than reversing it).
